[MUSIC]
Now, we are going to learn
about the match formula.
To start, lets review the syntax quickly.
The syntax of the match formula
starts with the reference text.
What are we looking for?
Followed by the array that you
want to locate the text in,
and then very similar to the view
lookup syntax the match type.
Notice that there is this slight
difference here when negative one being
greater than the closest matching value,
zero, being the exact match, which is
what we most frequently use, and positive
one being less than the closest value.
Note that if this input is
omitted it defaults to zero.
Let's try to use match in
a real-world scenario.
The question we are trying to
answer is what row is Macedonia on?
Returning to the data set, we
are interested in the country column and
we want to know what row
reference Macedonia is in.
So let's give it a shot
using the MATCH formula.
We'll start by typing equals MATCH.
The value we are looking up is Macedonia.
The array we are looking for
is called country.
Here the match type is going to be
zero since we want an exact match.
Let's close the formula and hit enter.
The formula returns that Macedonia
can be found in row eight.
Now give it a shot.
Looking for what country EBITDA is in.
Please remember that the math
formula works on vertical and
horizontal sets in the exact same manner.
[SOUND]